chore(ia): Tidy MDN meta dir (#37784)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/getting_started/index.md

We have created a [contributors task board](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/projects/25/views/1) to help you find contribution opportunities that will meaningfully impact the project. The board has an overview and separate views for specific contribution types.
Note that our small but mighty docs team maintains this repo.
To preserve our bandwidth, off-topic conversations will be closed.

## What do I need to get started?

To contribute, you will need a GitHub account.
If you do not already have one, go ahead and [sign up](https://github.com/signup) for an account before continuing.
If you are new to GitHub, we encourage you to take the following free, self-paced courses and reading material offered by GitHub. With this knowledge, you can focus on your contributions without the burden of learning a new tool at the same time.

- [Introduction to GitHub](https://github.com/skills/introduction-to-github)
- [Setting up Git](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/set-up-git)
- [GitHub workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow)
- [Using Markdown](https://github.com/skills/communicate-using-markdown)

> > [!NOTE]
> > Do not feel overwhelmed or like you have to read through and complete all of the course work.
> > With the knowledge gained from the "Introduction to GitHub" course, you will be well on your way.

Reviewer: Because you can't really tell someone who is overwhelmed that they should be ... Maybe something like

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> You don't have to read through all of these and complete all of the course work.
> If you're short on time, the "Introduction to GitHub" course may be enough to get started.
```

Reviewer: or something like "The "Introduction to GitHub" course should be 
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The "Introduction to GitHub" course should be enough to get you started.
> Feel free to jump forward and return to the other documents later on.
```

We also recommend reading the following learning material:

- [Basic etiquette for open source projects](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Open_source_etiquette): If you've never contributed to an open source project before, we encourage you to read this document.
- [Learn web development](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development): If you are new to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, we have some great content to help you get started.
- [Deep dive into collaborating with pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests)

Some writing-specific contribution opportunities will require a reasonable understanding of the English language.

> That said, do not let perfect be the enemy of "good enough." Even if your grammar isn't good, don't worry about it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, do not let perfect be the enemy of "good enough". Even if your grammar isn't good, don't worry about it!
```

> Some writing-specific contribution opportunities will require a reasonable understanding of the English language.
> That said, do not let perfect be the enemy of "good enough." Even if your grammar isn't good, don't worry about it!
> We have a team of people who aim to ensure that MDN's contents are as good as possible.
> In addition, someone will review your work to make sure what gets published is tidy and accurate.

Reviewer: This felt clunky. Not 100% sure about the last sentence, but how about ...

```suggestion
Some writing-specific contribution opportunities will require a reasonable understanding of the English language.
That said, don't worry if your grammar isn't perfect: we have a team of people who will review your writing and help improve it.
We need your technical expertise, and we'll help polish your English in order to get it.
```

Author: Looks good!
